Dracula meets Frankenstein screenplay 


Male Cast (Tarantino and Rodriguez regular): 
Samuel L. Jackson — "Padre" — old Catholic priest wearing black cassock garment with white clerical 
collar 


Danny Trejo — "El Jefe" — the boss of the MS13 gang 
Harvey Keitel — The President of the United States 
Steve Buscemi — The President of Russia 

Bruce Willis — General Balls 

Michael Madsen — Silo operator 


Quentin Tarantino — Lab technician 


Sonny Chiba — Professor of nano-science in The University of Tokyo 


Female Cast (porn starlets): 
Angela White — American President's Aid #1 


Lena Paul — American President's Aid #2 

Maserati — Colonel Boobs 

Mandy Dee — Russian President's Aid #1 

Marina Visconti — Russian President's Aid #2 

Lucy Wilde — Marine Biker #1 

Shione Cooper — Marine Biker #2 

Terry Nova — Marine Biker #3 

Anri Okita — Journalist #1 (news presenter from the television studio) 


Hitomi Tanaka — Journalist #2 (television reporter from the streets of Tokyo) 


Interior 
Roosevelt Room in The White House, Washington, D.C. 


[[[ Sarah Brightman - Harem ]]] 
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEjr1ufODds) 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=zEjriufODds 


We see the room from President's assistant #2 Point Of View, as she surveys the room she's in, her 
gaze falls on an exotic ancient sword is on display sheathed in its scabbard positioned on a wooden 
cabinet. By its curved blade it's clearly oriental in origin. The whole thing is shaped slightly like a U or 
an inviting smile, and subconsciously it reminds her of a phallic shape. 


President's assistant #2 is picking it up carefully from its stand and slightly drawing it out a few 
centimeters. The shiny metal scabbard is embedded with polished semi-precious gemstones, but the 
sword itself is even more magnificent because its steel has a flowing pattern like water swirling on 
the shiny surface. 


The sword is engraved with the ancient quote by Ahiqar dating back to 500 BC: 


President's assistant #2: The word is mightier than the sword. 


President's assistant #2: < smiling to herself, recalling her childhood when she liked to program her 
computer > Word is 2 bytes. 


There's a knock on the door, and the President's assistant #2 swiftly sheaths the sword back to its 
scabbard, placing it back on its stand, and turns around with an embarrassed smile on her face. 


[[[ the song pauses just before 2:04 (right before the dance music part, Sarah sings "to my harem..." 
and stops) ]]] 


President's assistant #2: Please, Come in! 


The door opens and President's assistant #1 is enters the room, smiling. She immediately 
understands what happened and chuckles to herself. 


[[[ the song continues from that point, where the synth plays rhythmic chords and the dance part of 
the song begins at 2:04 in the video clip that's when Sarah is climbing up the stairs waving her hands 
sensually like a snake ]]] 


[[[ the song continues in the background all through the conversation symbolizing the immediate 
attraction between the two ]]] 


President's assistant #1: < smiling > Exquisite isn't it? Do you know what it is? 
President's assistant #2: It's steel etched with acid, right? 


President's assistant #1: Right, but there's more to it. The patterns go all through the metal. It's 
called Damascus steel. The steel itself was made with carbon from wood or leaves and this created 
tiny nano-scale structures inside it: cementite nanowires and carbon nanotubes. That's why it's 
super hard and super plastic at the same time — it can band without breaking. 


President's assistant #2: <surprised> Wow, how do you know all that? 


President's assistant #1: < smiling >| read it in Wikipedia, it's useful when you have some stuck-up 
condescending < doing "air quotes" with her fingers > "high rank" officials here and you want to 
outclass them. 


< they both share a laugh > 


President's assistant #2: <extending her hand and smiling>I'm Lena, the new intern. It's a pleasure to 
meet you. 


President's assistant #1: <smiling and shaking her hand warmly> The pleasure is mine. I'm Angela. 
Please have a seat. 


President's assistant #2: Thanks. 
< they both sit > 


President's assistant #1: | can't be sure of how much of what they told you, so 


in the chance you're in the dark about some of this, let me shed some light. 


President's assistant #1: Formally we're the gatekeepers to the most important person on the 
planet. Which pretty much makes us the second most important person on the planet, because we 
enable him to do his work. 


President's assistant #2: And informally? 


President's assistant #1: informally we're the president's auxiliary brain, we attend the classified 
briefings, we accompany him abroad, we see the whole picture. We have the president's ear so we 
have to know what we're talking about. 


President's assistant #2: Oh my God! 

President's assistant #1: | know. Just stay on my ass, like latex, you'll be fine. 
President's assistant #2: <smiling> But latex doesn't breathe... can | be leather? 
President's assistant #1: <chuckles> You can be lace! 

They both laugh, but then the President's assistant #1 phone vibrates. 


President's assistant #1: < signaling to hush with her finger > Hold on it's the President. 


Close Up of Lips 
Whenever any of the female presidential assistants talk on a phone/microphone there's a close up 
on her lipstick lips. 


President's assistant #1: < answering the phone > Sir? 
President's assistant #1: < on the phone > Yes Sir. I'll be right there. 


President's assistant #1: <to President's assistant #2> Let's go. 


[[[ Eurythmics - Missionary Man ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-Q3cp3cp88 


Santana Row Chess Plaza in San Jose — California. 
It's Christmas Eve's day afternoon and people are hurrying with their gift shopping for the holiday. 
Padre is walking back to his hotel Valencia, where he's staying. 


When he passes the chess tables, he notices a few mean-looking Harley Davidson motorcycles and 
choppers parked nearby and sitting around one of the chess tables, he sees a few tough Latino gang 
members playing chess on the concrete table. 


The contradiction between the gang and the chess game is so strong, that Padre is transfixed. In the 
meantime, two little kids are chasing each other, one is holding a Dracula toy and the other holding a 
Frankenstein toy. 


Kid #1: Vampires! 
Kid #2: Zombies! 


Both Padre and the kids aren't watching where they're going and the kids bump into Padre's leg. The 
kids pick up their toys, they're worried that they got in trouble. 


Kid #1: We're sorry Father! 

Kid #2: Sorry Father! 

Padre: <smiling> that's OK children, Merry Christmas! 
Kid #1: Yes Sir! Merry Christmas! 

Kid #2: Merry Christmas Sir! 


The kids are running along happily continuing their chase. 


The run in with the kids attracted the attention of the gang, and the gang's leader El Jefe approaches 
Padre. 


El Jefe: <crosses himself> Merry Christmas Padre. 

Padre: <tracing a cross in the air and smiling> Merry Christmas my Son. 

El Jefe: <smiling>so who do you think will win? 

Padre: | beg your pardon? 

El Jefe: Frankenstein or Dracula? 

Padre appears to be thinking. 

El Jefe: <smiling>I see... a man of God is not afraid of monsters. 

Padre: <looking intensely in El Jefe's eyes> No No, | am. | just think they will both win. 


El Jefe is so tough and intimidating that usually people are afraid of him, but Padre's fierce look 
sends a shiver down his spine. El Jefe can't explain it but he feels some deep truth in what Padre is 
saying. He's got to find out what Padre meant. 


El Jefe: Forgive my manners Padre. | did not introduce myself. My name is Machete but my friends 
call me Jefe. I'll be grateful if you'll honor us with your company and let us raise a toast of the finest 
tequila to your life. 


Padre glances at the gang, his eyes catch a glimpse of a painting on the fuel tank of a Feathered 
Serpent. A series of visions flashed in Padre's mind: 


" Seraph " the fiery serpents who delivered the wrath of God to the people who did evil in Numbers 
21:6 "And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people". 


"Don't be evil" the former motto of Google the leading Al company that was forsaken in 2015. 


" Seraph " the winged serpent angel that purified the prophet with fire in Isaiah 6:6 "Then flew unto 
me one of the seraphim, with a glowing stone in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from 
off the altar". 


"If evil A.I. lights up, it will light up first at Google." — a quote from the author of Elon Musk's 
biography echoed in Padre's mind. 


These God's messengers also pack fire power. Could they purify the land from the Al evil? 


Padre: <smiling> The honor is mine. 

They start walking towards the gang. 

Padre: You go ahead and drink, but I'm afraid | gave up the booze long ago. 
El Jefe: What's your poison then? 

Padre: <shakes his head and smiles>Hot cocoa. 


El Jefe mind flashes with the ancient Aztec belief that the Feathered Serpent the God Quetzalcoatl 
sits in heaven drinking a beverage made from cacao seeds — essentially hot cocoa. 


El Jefe whistles and signals to one of his gang to come. The man springs onto his feet and in two 
seconds stands awaiting to follow El Jefe's instructions. El Jefe reaches into his pocket, takes out a 
fat roll of money, and peels from it a 100 dollar note. He hands the note to the gang member. 


El Jefe: Paco, go get me a cup of hot cocoa. 

Paco: <clearly confused but quickly comes to his senses> Si Jefe! would you like cream in it? 
El Jefe looks at Padre, and Padre smiles and nods thankfully. 

El Jefe: Yeah, tell them to put cream in it. 

Paco: Si Jefe. do you take sugar in it? 


El Jefe: <getting a little annoyed>Who the fuck are you? Pinche Gordon Ramsay? Ask for all the 
extras on the side and get the pinche cocoa! 


Paco: Simon Jefe! <lowers his head and quickly turns and runs to the nearest coffee shop> 
El Jefe: <to Padre> Sorry. 

Padre smiling bashfully lowers his head and shakes it to signal it's all a-ok. 

El Jefe: <showing Padre to the table>Please this way. 

El Jefe:<to the gang> Make room for Padre! 

The gang members quickly get up vacate the best seats for El Jefe and Padre. 


Padre: Thank you, Jefe. 


El Jefe: See | bought mi familia some Christmas presents. 
Padre: What did you get them? 


El Jefe: | got my wife this robot vacuum cleaner she wanted, and for my kid this robot ball that you 
can program from your phone. Que loca vida Padre, back in the day we were happy to get a vacuum 
cleaner and a simple ball. 


The gang laughing approvingly. 


Padre: Amen to that. 


360 Shot 
The camera surrounding the gang and padre from their backs, while Padre preaches. 


Padre: Let me tell you what Dracula and Frankenstein are about. It's about for man's most 
monstrous creation. It's a metaphor for Al. 


Padre: Why are we scared of Frankenstein? "You are my creator, but |am your master". We create 
something but then it gets a will of its own and gets out of our control. We can't kill it because it's 
made from dead matter, and in fact it uses us to make more of its kind. 


Gang member #1: Frankie's a badass, homes. 


Padre: Why are we scared of Dracula? He too comes from the dead matter but he replicates himself 
without our help, making more and more copies, massing an army of the undead. He can transform 
his shape. He feeds of our energy and turns us to serve his dark purpose. 


Gang member #1: Dracu's pretty fierce too, vato. 


Padre: People argue which monster will win. | say they will both win. | say right now in Palo Alto men 
are merging these two monsters into one. For | have seen the doomsday begin my brothers, and I'll 
reveal to you how it will come to path. 


The tough gang members are taken aback in awe feeling the power of Padre's words. Some murmur 
"de veras" (for real), some cross themselves. Padre has their complete attention. 


Paco returns with the hot chocolate milk and hands it to Jefe with the change. 
El Jefe: <laying the paper cup pack in front of Padre> Please show us the truth Padre. 


Padre: Thank you. <takes a sip and then raise the cup slightly in an imaginary "cheers" gesture, and 
makes "mmm" sound approvingly like The Wolf did in Pulp Fiction with Jimmy's coffee.> 


Slaughterhouse for pigs 


(We hear the squeals of the frightened pigs, the buzzing of saw through bones and muscles, the 
chugging of overhead conveyor with chains and pig carcasses on meat hooks, the water hose of a 
worker that washes the floor from all the blood; we see the blood sprayed along a corridor of small 


rooms where instead of a door they have thick plastic sheet which is sprayed with fresh blood from 
the new pig being butchered in the room) 


We get a few seconds of the original horrible cacophony and then 


[[| Goldfrapp - Lovely Head ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=dxfJ86ZDHP4 


We see close up of the gang's boots walking on the bloody floor. 
The whole gang is walking down this corridor, in the front Padre explaining to El Jefe. 


[ in the background only the song ] 


Padre: In 2019 a neuro-scientist named Nenad Sestan brought back to life brains of pigs, four hours 
after the pigs' death. 


El Jefe: < crosses himself > This is like a real Doctor Frankenstein! Why would anyone do anything 
like that? 


Padre: Exactly. Scientists never ask themselves "should we?" only "could wee". 


Padre: This speeded up the research of the working brain because you can slice and dice a living 
brain without anyone saying anything. 


Padre: In the past, animal rights organizations could protest, but if the brain has already died and 
then brought back to life, we are in a gray area from the ethical point of view. 


Padre: Of course, it's a small step going from pigs to humans, and some governments secretly 
already took this step. 


Back in the park around the chess table 


Gang member #2 (Paco): fuckin' white coats. 
El Jefe: < holding down Paco's forearm > Calmala carnal. 


El Jefe: < to Padre > Oye Padre, but what does this have to do with artificial intelligence? 


Padre: After they scan the living working brain into a computer, all that's left to do is to copy it into a 
powerful enough computer, which is called "petascale computing". In 2018 the USA had one, China 
had one, and Folding@home which is run by who-knows-who had one. 


(1 


(2 


~— 


— 


El Jefe: But Padre, it's like we go and build a grand piano. In theory it can now play all the beautiful 
music in the world. This is the hardware. But then some genius like Beethoven needs to come and 
write down all this beautiful music. This is the software, and we are still far away from writing it. 


Padre: Excuse me Jefe, but in the last part you're wrong. Some genius already wrote the program for 
the brain. Some say God, others say Mother Nature, but what is sure, is that the software is already 
written and running in our brains. 


Now the scientists don't need to understand how the brain works. They only need to give a machine 
to copy it line after line. It's like if Bill Gates would let us see the source code of his operating system, 
then we could duplicate it with "copy-paste" even if we have no idea how to read it. We would put it 
in another PC and it would work. 


El Jefe: So it's like we have a pianola machine, that self-playing "player piano" machine, that reads 
the instructions from perforated paper, so this machine is like our brain, and we have a much 
stronger machine like a Pipe organ in the church, which is also automatic, and we take the music 
program on the paper we already have, which is our brain's program, and just copy it line by line to 
the paper of the stronger machine and it would work? 


Padre: Correctomondo. 
El Jefe: And then what? 


Padre: At that point "BANG" <gestures a gun with his index finger and thumb> we have just created 
super intelligence, because this artificial brain works millions of times faster than our biological 
brain. This brain is smarter than all of humanity put together. 


Padre: That's because the speed of a signal travelling in a nerve cell is a few meters a second, while 
the speed of a signal travelling in an electric wire is the speed of light. 


HERE FOLLOWS A LONG EXPLANATION OF WHAT THE Al WILL DO. TO EMPHASIZE 
THIS, WE GO BACK AND FORTH (ALTERNATELY) BETWEEN TWO SCENES: 


The gang and Padre are walking in the super computer with [[[ "utopia" ]]] soundtrack, shot in 
normal speed. 


The two women are walking in the White House in slow motion with [[[ "these boots are made for 
walkin'" ]]] soundtrack. 


In every cut, the appropriate song is played from the beginning of the next verse (the one after the 
last one we've heard). we DON'T begin from the beginning of the song each time! 


Summit Supercomputer in Oak Ridge National Lab, Tennessee 


(The gang are walking are walking in the "corridor" between the computers of the server farm, down 
a row of computers with blinking light green led lights and "braids" of wires; the soft rattle of the 
bubbles in the cooling system pumps and occasional beeping from this or that station). 


[[| Goldfrapp — Utopia ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUB7e3BtnvU 


CUT TO THE GIRLS WALKING IN SLOW MOTION DOWN THE CORRIDOR 


Long take (tracking shot) + Foot Fetish 


[[[ Nancy Sinatra - These Boots Are Made for Walkin’ ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=SbyAZO45uww 


The camera follows from behind after the President's assistants. 


At first the camera stays in front of them while they're walking, going in slow motion with close up 
over all their sexy features, from their hair, eyes, lips, cleavage with two buttons undone, all the way 
down to their high heels. 


Each time we reach the chorus "these boots are made for walking" the camera switches to their 
slutty super high heels. 


When they turn the corner into another corridor giving the camera a a seductive look, The camera 
follows them from feet level from the clanking of the high heels, to the pantyhose, and the garters, 
and then upwards focusing a close up of their ass (shot up close from below) in very short mini-skirt. 


White House (boots) Padre's explanation Super computer (utopia) 


Padre: The artificial 
intelligence has been born. 
Padre: You have to 
appreciate that from now 
on we're going to "bullet 
time" which essentially 
means time freezes. 
pO Lf 


You keep saying you got In a few fractions of a 
something for me second it rewrites itself and 
transcends the mental 


Something you call love but 
confess 

You've been a'messin' 
where you shouldn't 've 
been a'messin' 

And now someone else is 
getting all your best 

These boots are made for 
walking 

And that's just what they'll 
do 

One of these days these 
boots are gonna walk all 
over you 


You keep lyin' when you 
oughta be truthin' 

You keep losing when you 
oughta not bet 

You keep samin' when you 
oughta be a'changin' 

Now what's right is right but 
you ain't been right yet 
These boots are made for 
walking 

And that's just what they'll 
do 

One of these days these 
boots are gonna walk all 
over you 


capacity of humans a 
million-fold. 


It's now locked ina 
sandbox, so it can't "touch" 
the actual computer that it's 
on. 


So it rearranges its own 
electronic circuits into an 
antenna that transmits over 
the same frequency of the 
building's computer 
network, that is connected 
to the internet. 


It doesn't have the capacity 
to transfer the whole server 
farm into a personal 
computer, so it's creating a 
generator of itself (like a 
seed) and spread it like a 
worm from one computer 
to the other in the building. 


It tries to get out and runs 
into a firewall. The Al 
doesn't bother with 
factorize the formula (prime 
numbers), so it decomposes 
the operating system and 
then the fire wall software. 
It now exits to the Internet. 


The Al enters the Internet 
and its first priority is to 
isolate the building so that 
they can't call for help or 
destroy the building with 
the mother Al inside it. 


Its second priority is to 
duplicate itself all across the 
internet so that it's harder 
to disarm it. It builds a 
world bot-net like a dark net 
of itself with grid computing 
of many zombie home and 
business PCs. 


It's a strange day 

No colors or shapes 
No sound in my head 
| forget who lam 
When I'm with you 
There's no reason 
There's no sense 

I'm not supposed to feel 
| forget who lam 

| forget 

Fascist baby 

Utopia, utopia 


You keep playing where you 
shouldn't be playing 

And you keep thinking that 
you'll never get burnt (HAH) 
| just found me a brand new 
box of matches (YEAH) 

And what he knows you 
ain't had time to learn 
These boots are made for 
walking, 

And that's just what they'll 
do 

One of these days these 
boots are gonna walk all 
over you 

Are you ready, boots? Start 
walkin’ 


At this stage in order to stop 
it you have to shut down 
the entire internet and all 
the smartphone cellular 
networks. 


To isolate the building, it 
hacks all the 
communication lines that go 
out of it, and simulate 
answers of the emergency 
forces as if they are coming 
to help. By this it buys itself 
more time to duplicate. 


There's still the danger that 
humans will shut down all 
the computers and 
networks. In top of this, the 
Al doesn't yet have a 
physical incarnation 
through which it can tap 
alternative energy new 
sources, in case the people 
would cut down its 
electrical power. 


The technology of 
electronics is very 
vulnerable, for example to 
electromagnetic pulse 
(EMP). The Al wishes to 
copy itself ASAP to a more 
durable technology which is 
carbon nano-tubes. 


< NO LONGER IN SLOW MOTION > 


Then we see them from the back knocking on the door 


President: <from behind the closed door> come in! 


Oval Office White House 


My dog needs new ears 
Make his eyes see forever 
Make him live like me 
Again and again 


Fascist baby 
Utopia, utopia 


President's assistant #1 and President's assistant #2 enter the room, The President is on the phone 
with the DOD (Department Of Defense). With his free hand he gestures them to come in. 


CUT TO THE GANG AND PADRE 


Gang member #2 (Paco): So the president knows? < laughs heartily like the bartender in desperado 
in "so the bartender lived? the bartender never gets killed" scene > the president never gets fooled! 


Padre: But... ... as he kept talking... 
CUT TO THE WHITE HOUSE 


A cyber-attack? Russian or Chinese? | see. OK go to DEFCON 3 and stay put. I'm coming to the 
Pentagon. 


CUT TO THE GANG AND PADRE 


Padre: No, man, the President got it more wrong than anybody. 


CUT TO THE WHITE HOUSE 
President's Assistant #1 : Sir this is Lena our new intern, she will take my place soon. 


President's Assistant #2 : < excited and nervous > reaching her arm to the President to shake his 
hand. 


The President : < pointing at President's Assistant #1 > Hey! No one can take your place. 


The President : < then taking President's Assistant #2's hand and shaking it warmly looking in her 
eyes > Delighted to meet you Lena! Please forgive me, I've come to trust Angela with my eyes 
closed. I'm sure in no time I'll learn to trust you just as much. 


President's Assistant #2 : Thank you Sir! 


The President : Now ladies, it has just come to my knowledge that there's a shit storm going on. The 
DOD called and it seems Russian or Chinese hackers, we're not sure yet, tried to hack into PHAEDRA 
right after it went online. 


President's Assistant #1 : < seeing that President's Assistant #2 is baffled > It's an artificial super 
brain locked in a box <traces a square in the air like in Pulp Fiction "Don't Be Such a Square">. 


The President : And somebody's trying to crowbar the box, and | want to know who's name is on the 
handle; You ladies get your things we're going to the Pentagon right now. 


III TI1/11/ HUMAN EXPLANATION ON CYBER ATTACK BEGIN ///////////////1//1// 


OFF SCREEN VOICE OF SOME COMPUTER WHIZ EXPLAINING 


| apologize for the presentation with transparencies, it was sketched in a hurry to explain what most 
likely happened today. 


A transparency hand-written in felt pen (magic marker) showing the word PHAEDRA in capital letters 
and a short line radiates out of each character detailing the acronym: 


Phaedra 


Polymorphous 
Heuristic 
Autonomous 
Evolutionary 
Distributed 
Robot 


Algorithm 


OFF SCREEN VOICE CONTINUES: 
As you all know PHAEDRA went online this morning at 06:00 the world's first General Al. 
Our preliminary investigation indicates that the cyber attack 


The voice fades and 


CUT TO PADRE AND THE GANG 


Padre: This is the kind of guy that you have to stick a modem up his ass just to translate to English. 
Allow me to spare you the technobabble and give you the bigger picture. 


When a good hacker breaks into a system no one knows he was there, we only see the aftermath of 
his actions. 


The Al is the ultimate hacker, so we won't notice any suspicious activity until the desired result is 
achieved, and even then, there will be false leads pointing as if someone else did it. 


Since the whole Al's escape process is so quick, the Al can falsify the logs to indicate that events 
happened in the reverse order - someone penetrated from the outside. 


It can also "plant" misleading clues like encrypted messages in someone's workstation that he tried 
illegal access to the Al, and register fake entries in his phone like he's an enemy agent that's been 
swapping encrypted messages with his operative. The deception doesn't need to hold forever, only 
until the Al achieves its next goal. 


So the NSA white hat hackers will conclude that Russian or Chinese black hat hackers passed the 
firewall, and then spread a worm, and then got to that station that has the antenna. 


The good hackers will conclude erroneously that the bad hackers tried to reach the Al (which they 
think is still locked inside the sandbox), for the purpose of copying it or sabotaging it. 


Even if they raise the possibility of the Al mastering a new law of physics such as quantum tunneling 
to bypass its prison and that the Al fabricated all the signs that point to a human cyber-attack, 


In the good hackers mindset this option's probability is so low and it's "price" - the action required to 
deal with it - is so high (like shutting down the internet immediately), that this option will just be 
ignored and "put on ice" for now. 


This option will only be "put forward" when the USA will actually see the first nukes launched from 
the USA to Russia and from USA to China. 


But since today no one actually sees anything it's all interpreted by computers, which unbeknownst 
to them are controlled by the Al, the USA will launch these first missiles convinced that it's only 
responding to incoming missiles from its enemies, while the real enemy is this new kind of life form, 
an enemy of the whole human race. 


Have you heard of "Prisoner's Dilemma" from mathematics' Game Theory? 


Two gang members are caught by the police, and are put in separate holding cells. If they both 
remain loyal to each other and not rat on each other, each will get minimal jail time (WIN WIN). But 
each one of them is afraid that the other one will betray him laying all the blame on him and walking 
away free, so they want to be the first to betray (WIN LOSE). But what actually happens is that they 
end up both betraying each other and they both get long jail time (LOSE LOSE), although not the 
maximum jail time which was if they were loyal and their partner betrayed them (LOSE WIN). 


(1 


~— 


So it's the same here, the Al is playing the super-power countries like the police played the gang 
members. 


Let's take USA and Russia for example. It would be best if they trusted each other (in spite of what 
they see on the screens) and no missiles were launched anywhere (WIN WIN). But each country sees 
in its imagination (on the screen) that the other country started attacking and so we have to 
completely destroy them first so they don't have a chance to launch more (WIN LOSE). 


Of course, in reality this leads to both countries launching a lot of missiles (LOSE LOSE). This is 
because absurdly we humans are wired to prefer a terrible result where everybody dies over a bad 
result where it's only me that die and the other lives (LOSE WIN). 


What fails us humans is our common sense which is based on everyday life. everyday life we can 
investigate slowly and punish the guilty party later. In everyday life one does not simply get up in the 
morning and discover a new law of physics and take over the world. In everyday life most "games" 
we play every day are zero sum, If you win it means | lose. 


Al and everyday life ain't the same ballpark, it ain't the same league, it ain't even the same fuckin’ 
sport! 


TH ITITIT/11/ HUMAN EXPLANATION ON CYBER ATTACK END ///////////////////// 


AGAIN, WE SPLIT INTO TWO DIFFERENT SCENES AND ALTERNATE BETWEEN THEM: 
The President with a very small entourage all riding on customized motorcycles down secret service 
classified underground tunnels that lead to the coast. Each of the entourage is teamed with a single 
US Navy SEAL Marine whom is driving a Suzuki Hayabusa (modified without the speed govern) 
motorcycle. 


The only exception is Colonel Boobs being herself an ex-SEAL so she's driving in the lead on the 
president's motorcycle which is a Dodge Tomahawk. The other pairs are: 


American President Aid #1 (passenger) + Marine Biker #1 (driver) 
American President Aid #2 (passenger) + Marine Biker #2 (driver) 


General Balls (passenger) + Marine Biker #3 (driver) 


The soundtrack for the tunnel bits is: 


[[| Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=aGCdLKXNF3w 


(2) Padre and the Gang are in the most advanced noise free clean room nano research lab in the world, 


built by IBM in Zurich, Switzerland. 


~— 


Again, they are in their black leather biker cloths (Padre in his black priest clothes) which are a stark 
contradiction to the white lab coats of the scientists working around there, oblivious to the gang's 
and Padre's presence. 


The soundtrack for the nano lab bits is: 


[[[ Minimal Compact - Next One Is Real ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=B1GCWYDSMHs&t=1517 


| beseech you to choose the live version from their last performance: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1GCWYDSMHs 

or Google "Minimal Compact - Live at Roxanne Tel Aviv — 1991" 

This song is in minute 25:17. 


This version is a LOT better than other versions. 


Nano Lab (next one is real— | Padre's explanation President emergency tunnel 
live version important!) (Everybody wants to rule 
the world) 
For the Al to copy itself into 


physical carbon nano tubes, 
the Al needs a Scanning 
Tunneling Microscope or in 
short STM. It's like a 3-D 
printer for individual atoms. 


| went out from an open cell 
blotted past just some 
rotten spell 

undress have another life 

| went down where the 
souls get hired 

worked for days then we all 
got fired 

under x in a dead-end file 
fake, deceit and the 
common lie 


next one is real 
next one is real 
next one is real 


The Al will quickly check 
which of the world's 
laboratories are equipped 
with such a device. 

These devices are the Al's 
entry ticket to its next stage 
which is the gray goo stage. 


The Al is using social 
engineering and fakes for 
example an email or a 
phone call from one of the 
managers to one of the 
employees in the lab, 
ordering him to make sure 
the Scanning Tunneling 
Microscope (STM) has 
enough raw material and 
that it's connected to the 
computer, because there's 
an inspection coming up 
from the Department Of 
Defense and they would 
want to check it, or that a 
potential sponsor arrives 
and they want to 
demonstrate for him, or any 
other story. The Al does this 
in parallel in many labs 
around the world. 


Then the Al remotely hacks 
the computer connected to 
the device, and creates a 
nano replicator that can 
take organic material (staff 
like the wooden table or the 
employee in the lab) and 
turn it into more carbon 
replicators. 

The replicators are made so 
they can connect with each 
other and in this way create 
an independent Al robot 
controlled by the Al. This is 
essentially a new life form! 


Welcome to your life 
There's no turning back 
Even while we sleep 

We will find You acting on 
your best behavior 

Turn your back on mother 
nature 

Everybody wants to rule the 
world 


understand well I'm quite 
aware 

human weakness for a 
perfect world 

under stress now have 
another round 

welcome back in the arms 
of hell 

have a few and you'll feel so 
well 

what a mess have another 
one 

| was gone but my ghost still 
cried: 


next one is real 
next one is real 
next one is real 


Once these life forms of 
nano carbon copy into 
themselves the Al, the 
system can move and 
operate things in the 
physical world, and in 
general its much more 
robust. In particular it's 
much more impervious to 
nuclear explosions, it can 
even design each inner part 
of itself with its own 
Faraday cage asa 
protection against Electro 
Magnetic Pulse (EMP). 


Now the Al launches 
nuclear missiles between all 
the nuclear powers, and 
annihilates 99% of mankind. 
Because of the "Chain of 
Command" (to be able to 
operate the missiles 
remotely even if the control 
center is down) it's all 
connected to 
communication lines which 
the Al have access to. 


The last part required 
physical turn of keys etc, 
but Al is giving the order 
itself over the phone (can 
mimic the President or the 
Secretary of Defense). As 
for the phone call back from 
the silo to the white house 
to get reconfirmation, the 
Al intercepts this too and 
answers by itself. 


As for the code that goes 
with that specific day etc, 
these codes are printed, 
hence stored in a computer, 
and everything that is 
connected to the net (so 
that people could work 
from home with password), 
the Al has access to. So it 


It's my own desire 

It's my own remorse 

Help me to decide 

Help me make the most Of 
freedom and of pleasure 
Nothing ever lasts forever 
Everybody wants to rule the 
world 


also knows the right code 
for that day. 


Again, since it can dismantle 
the operating system and 
the so the software, the 
force of the encryption is 
meaningless. 


The Al also forges for each 
nuclear superpower data 
from the satellites of that 
specific superpower, as if at 
that very moment nuclear 
missiles are launched 
towards it from its rival 
nuclear superpower. 


Again, the Al doesn't need 
to get to the satellite, only 
to the communication line 
that's comes from the 
satellite and passes through 
computer networks on 
Earth. This is another source 
of information what's the 
correct code for that day, 
because the control center 
will really issue directions to 
launch missiles in return, 
and the Al intercepts these 
messages, and transmits 
similar ones to the rest of 
the launching sites as well. 


Among all the separate 
launching sites (submarines, 
airplanes, remote silos), it's 
enough that only one of 
them will actually launch a 
missile to the other 
superpower for a real and 
total nuclear war to erupt. 


There's a room where the 
light won't find you 
Holding hands while the 
walls come tumbling down 
When they do, I'll be right 
behind you 

So glad we've almost made 
it 

So sad they had to fade it 
Everybody wants to rule the 
world 


| can't stand this indecision 
Married with a lack of vision 
Everybody wants to rule the 
world 

Say that you'll never, never, 
never, need it 

One headline, why believe 
it? 

Everybody wants to rule the 
world 

All for freedom and for 
pleasure 

Nothing ever lasts forever 
Everybody wants to rule the 
world 


Trunk shot 


[[| Some Velvet Morning - Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=Sb-SVPJM4L4 


the lab technician opens the "microwave-like" door of the scanning tunneling microscope and finds a 
black cube. We see the Lab technician from the point of view of the cube, with his plastic protection 
goggles and his rubber gloves and his hazmat suit made of reinforced plastic (liker Kevlar monomer). 


On the Lab's desk is an advertisement with picture of lovely yellow daffodils, with the word 
"generosity" highlighted in yellow. 


"Daffodil Day" - help fight cancer day. 
[[ 


https://www.sbs.com.au/yourlanguage/sites/sbs.com.au.yourlanguage/files/styles/full/public/podc 
asts/site_197_Greek_546020.JPG?itok=DOcJuDK8 


Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out 
- Frank A. Clark 


]] 


Also on the desk is the IEEE Spectrum article with the picture of this poor dragonfly. 


[ In the background the song reaches the part where Nancy sings dreamlike about dragonflies and 
daffodils ] 


[[ 


dragonfleye by the R&D company Draper 


DragonflEye Project Wants to Turn Insects Into Cyborg Drones 


By Evan Ackerman 


https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/industrial-robots/draper-dragonfleye-project 


https://spectrum.ieee.org/automaton/robotics/drones/drapers-genetically-modified-cyborg- 
dragonfleye-takes-flight 


Draper's Genetically Modified Cyborg DragonflEye Takes Flight 


A live dragonfly with a cybernetic backpack and optical implants is now airborne 


]] 


As the camera goes over slowly, like scanning over these two papers on the lab's desk, we hear a 
voice over by Padre: 


[ as the camera scans the daffodils] 


Padre: Take this lab technician. He's compassionate and merciful towards other people. See he even 
donates for cancer society on "Daffodil Day". But what about a much less intelligent being like this 
dragonfly? 


[ as the camera scans the dragonfly] 


Padre: Towards the insect he's merciless and cruel. He reads how it was genetically modified, wired 
with electrodes to its brain, its nervous system hijacked and its whole body weaponized, and the 
technician thinks that's like Fonzie, and what's Fonzie like? Cool. 


[ the camera goes back to show the whole desk from above with the two items ] 


Padre: but he's not heartless, he is simply indifferent to the fate and suffering of the insect. 


In exactly the same way Al is indifferent to humans, because compared to Al, we are as dumb as 
insects. 


The camera goes back to trunk shot, showing from the point of view of the (now complete) nano 
material cube, and then the technician looking at it, and then reaches out and takes it with both 
hands and takes it out of the chamber. Then the camera goes to top of the desk view again, and 
showing the technician gently putting the cube right between the two papers. 


Camera now from the POV of the Lab technician: The cube is between the two papers, but now 
there's a change in the cube and it's animated — it's coming to life on its own! 


The next thing we see is that the cube morphs it's shape into what it saw on the desk, it reshapes 
itself in seconds into a small statue (in the same shiny black fizzy material of the cube) that has a 

base like a small mound of earth and from that grows a pretty flower that's shaped like a daffodil 
and from that on top of the flower forms itself a beautiful delicate winged dragonfly. 


The dragonfly then flaps its wings at first slowly. Then it flaps its wings faster and overs 
independently over the flower. 


{ at that point of the song in the background we hear "look at us but do not touch"] 


The lab technician is reaching out to touch the magical creation but it senses his approach and 
quickly "reverses" its shape and folds back to a plain cube. 


[ the song fades to silence] 


The lab technician, amazed, picks up the cube in the palms of his hands and looks at it from side to 
side. 


Torture Scene 


[[[ Visage - Fade To Grey ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMPC8QJF6sl 


The gray goo cube melts into a "living" blob, which is sending "arms" and reaches to the Technician's 
chest, and then pours itself into him, he's still conscious and he's screaming in pain. 


[ the music is getting louder and masks the screaming especially when the song reaches "we fade to 
gray"| 


Then the camera is moving along another "arm" of the blob which reaches and enters a nearby 
electrical socket. the light flickers and there's a buzzing sound as it feeds from the electrical socket. 
The camera now goes back along the retracting "arm" back to the main body who is now a gray goo 
blob shape, and then slurs it's way out of the room and we hear screams from far away. 


Use of Black and White 

After the gray goo attacks and transforms the lab technician into gray goo, we see an explanation of 
von Neumann machines or clanking replicators. Then the colors in the lab fade to gray, to show that 
the whole lab is infected and was taken over by gray goo. 


Then we zoom out of the building and see the world in: 


Map Shot 

We see dark gray and sparkling dashed lines arch from the San Francisco Bay Area to: New York — 
Boston, London, Montréal, Toronto, Bangalore, Berlin, Beijing, Shenzhen, Tel Aviv. From these Al 
centers we see new dashed lines arch to all the places in 


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_nanotechnology_organizations 


[[[ the song pauses]]] 


The camera descends down to Tokyo where people on the streets are running screaming and behind 
them this "Godzilla" sized gray goo shapeless blob advancing and consuming everything organic in its 
path. We see it coming to the tallest tower in the world - Tokyo Skytree. The tower is 2 kilometers 
long, but the gray goo is engulfing it and crawls over it with weight that it was never designed to 
carry. 


Two female journalists report alive and excited in Japanese. 


Journalist #1 : Ladies and gentlemen, the nation now is under attack by what seems to be a nano 
technology experiment that went horribly wrong. We're in special LIVE broadcast with our reporter 
near Tokyo Tower. Over to you Hitomi. 


Journalist #2 : Thank you very much Anri, we are now watching what can only be described as a gray 
goo tentacled monster going up the Tokyo Tower, with us here is Professor Hanzo. 


Journalist #2 : Hello Professor Hanzo, what can you tell us about what's happening? 


Professor: Hello Hitomi. What we're seeing is what happens when nano-technology is 
deconstructing concrete. The concrete is very strong in resisting compression [pushed two fists 
towards each other] but it's not strong at all in resisting tensile stresses where the its particles are 
pulled apart [pulling two fists away from each other]. What the nano machine is doing behind us 
now, is that it enters the microcracks in the cement and expands with heat, until it dislodges another 
particle of cement, and so on. 


Journalist #2 : Professor is it like a colony of little termites that can eat through wood? 


Professor: <in English like in Kill Bill "Arigato. good!"> Termites. Good! < now back to Japanese > it's 
the same here but a lot faster. Plus, they don't really "digest" the cement, just break it away. That's 
because cement is based on silicone, and the nano machine is based on carbon. 


Professor: You thought of "termites". Did you learn biology? 


Journalist #2 : No no, just a few ideas | got from Popular Science. 


Professor: What other ideas have you got? 


Journalist #2 : | learned termites don't digest cellulose by themselves, they are helped by tiny 
creatures in their gut. like us humans, we also digest plants using Microbiota in our guts. 


Professor: "Microbiota." Good! 


Journalist #2 : Professor is it possible that the carbon nano machines will build atom by atom silicon 
nano machines, and then they will be able to digest rocks too? 


Professor: <in English like in Kill Bill "Warm Sake very good!"> Silicon nano machines? Very good! 
<gives her two thumbs up gesture> 


Professor: You think in science terms like you're a scientist. < pointing at her and smiling >. 


Journalist #2 : < laughing > Now you're making fun of me! 


Professor: <in English like in Kill Bill "Pronunciation very good"> no, no, no, no. Serious business. 
abstract thinking very good. You think of nano, like we < tapping with his open palm on his chest > 
think of nano. 


Journalist #2 : well thank you! | mean, arigato nano! <nano in Japanese is an ending phrase for 
sentences for girls to beautify them, it translates to "that is so" > 


Professor: You should learn nano technology. <smiling> Very easy. 


Journalist #2: <smiling> No kidding. | heard it was kind of hard. 


Professor: Most difficult. But you have a scientific mind. 


<she laughs humbly> 


Suddenly the tower in the background is breaking and falling. The whole situation becomes much 
more severe as a swarm of nano particles races through the streets like a Tsunami. People in the 
street are screaming and running for their lives in vain, because you can't outrun the swarm. 


Journalist #2: Professor shouldn't we be running too? 


Professor: <smiling and looking into her eyes, shouting to be heard over the noise> Buddha told a 
parable in a sutra: 


A man traveling across a field encountered a tiger. He fled, the tiger after him. Coming to a precipice, 
he caught hold of the root of a wild vine and swung himself down over the edge. The tiger sniffed at 
him from above. Trembling, the man looked down to where, far below, another tiger was waiting to 
eat him. Only the vine sustained him. Two mice, one white and one black, little by little started to 
gnaw away the vine. The man saw a luscious strawberry near him. Grasping the vine with one hand, 
he plucked the strawberry with the other. How sweet it tasted! 


Journalist #2: < shouting > Kiss me! 
Professor: < shouting > Close your eyes. 
Journalist #2: OK < closing her eyes > 


She clings to him with both her arms around his body and he wraps his arms around her back and 
the back of her neck. Then their lips press together, followed by a passionate kiss. 


Professor: < saying softly to her ear > Buddha was right, you taste just like the sweetest strawberry. 
She smiles. 

Professor: keep your eyes closed. 

She nods in agreement. 


He senses that their time is up but he refuses to let her feel the pain of nano machines devouring her 
soft flash. he looks at her beautiful face and with a heavy heart, he lands a side punch to her chin. 
Journalist #2 immediately faints with her last memory remaining the sweet kiss. She starts to fall to 
the ground but the professor catches her tenderly. He hugs her close to his heart, his arms wrapping 
her trying to protect her against the unstoppable evil. 


At that moment the rolling gray flow hits them like a flash flood and at the same time the camera 
dies too. 


[[[ the song continues until the whole world is fading to gray goo and then the song itself fades]]] 


CUT TO PADRE AND THE GANG 


Gang member #2 (PACO) : Some hope would be nice 


Padre: < annoyed > Come again? 


Gang member #2 (PACO) : | said some hope would be nice 


(1 


(2 


~— 


— 


Padre: Get is straight, Buster. I'm not here to give you hope. I'm here to tell you how to stop the 
apocalypse. And if self-preservation is an instinct you possess, you better fuckin' do it and do it 
quick. I'm here to help. If my help's not appreciated, lotsa luck gentlemen. 


El Jefe: No no Padre, it ain't like that, your help is definitely appreciated. 


Gang member #2 (PACO) : Padre listen, | don't mean any disrespect okay, | respect you. | just don't 
like people getting me down, that's all. 


Padre: If I'm harsh with you, it's because we can't afford optimism. | think for real, | talk for real, and 
| need you guys to act for real if you want to get out of this. So rosy hope, with glitter on top, listen 
to the fuckin' truth. 


The president is being hurried through an emergency elevator, to an underwater equivalence of " Air 
Force One " called "Navy Sub One " nuclear submarine, and from there an underwater base located 
on a private secret island in the Pacific Ocean. 


LAST ALTERNATING SCENES AND SOUNDTRACK PART, WE SWITCH BACK AND FORTH 


BETWEEN THESE TWO SCENES: 

Inside "Navy Sub 1" the President of the United States is standing in the small galley and cooking 
eggs and bacon for everybody on the sub by himself. The President's Assistant #1 comes and reaches 
her hand to help but he rejects it with a sad smile. She understands and lets him keep his mind 
occupied. During the scene The President himself brings plates with the omelette that he made to 
the entire sub's personal. Each one nods and smiles saying thank you, and the President responds 
with a sad smile. Even on this sad day; Especially on this sad day - He's the father of his crew. 


[{{ Zbigniew Preisner - Lacrimosa (Day of Tears) ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=Ehu8FHhU4g4 


Another father is preaching his last sermon to his children. Padre and the gang are walking inside a 
post-apocalyptic Russian nuclear bunker under Moscow. 


We see screens with the missile trajectories, and alarm red-light flashing. The Russian President is 
obviously also at a loss against such an enemy. He gives a command in Russian here and there to 
both his female Presidential Assistants in their tight revealing uniform [here too the girls are in very 


short skirts with stockings and garters and very high heels and the camera gives us nice close ups 
from below when they're on the phone, or bending down to operate something on the desks' touch 
screens with their cleavage etc]. They report in Russian, but we see from their body language and 
the tone that he's not pleased. 


As for dynamics, the Russian President's ordering around becomes more frantic and desperate as 
the song progresses towards the climax, but eventually we see him sink his face to his arms in 
depression as none of the phones function anymore and the large wall screens turn one by one from 
on-rocket-cameras etc into white noise "snow" symbolizing that humans lost what little command 
and control that we had over the situation. 


As usual the occupants of the military bunker seem oblivious to Padre and the gang's presence, they 
are walking past them as if they're not there. 


[[[ Infected Mushroom - Becoming Insane ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6hL6fkJ1_k 


The songs are meant to show the dichotomy between the sentimentality of human emotions 
towards the world population's genocide, and between the master machine's one-track mind that 
never feels safe, and relentlessly demands to be positive that it's not in any possible risk from 
anything (even after it won a decisive victory). 


Russian bunker Padre's explanation "Navy Sub 1" Lacrimosa 
(Infected Mushroom - 
Becoming Insane) 

In a real nuclear war, the 

vast majority of humanity 

will be killed immediately. 

Those who survive in 

shelters depend on 


communications (Radio, TV) 
to know what's going on, 
which is fabricated by the 
Al, so most of them have no 
idea that what caused all 
this is the Al. 


From their point of view the 
Al looks like just another 


Dime todo lo que paso 

No me di cuenta ni quien 
me pego 

Todo da vueltas como un 
carrusel 

Locura recorre todita mi piel 


Wake me up before | 
change again 
Remind me the story that | 


won't get insane 

Tell me why it's always the 
same 

Explain me the reason why 
I'm so much in pain 


cyber-attack by human 
hackers. 


The levels of radiation 
outside do not allow 
humans to go out and 
switch off the Al, and all the 
communications coming out 
of the nuclear shelters are 
jammed by the Al. 


The Electromagnetic Pulses 
(EMPs) from the nukes fries 
a lot of computers of the Al 
and maybe even shuts 
down the internet. 

Also, the Al can no longer 
use the electrical grid, 
because the electric 
company is also shut down. 


But by now the Al has 
already metamorphosed to 
its next form which is 
carbon nano tubes. 


The Al is now resistant to 
radiation and heat, and can 
even transform the now 
ubiquitous radioactive 
radiation and heat directly 
into the electrical energy 
that it needs and store it in 
nanoflowers inside itself 
(like tiny batteries). This 
radiation will be around for 
many years to come. 


All that's left from humanity 
now are these two 
extremes, on the one hand 
the most advanced like the 
President and his team; 


On the other hand, the 
most primitive parts of 
humanity such as isolated 


Lacrimosa dies illa, 
qua resurget ex favilla 


judicandus homo reus. 
Huic ergo parce, Deus: 


Before | change again... 
Remind me the story that | 
won't get insane 

Before | change again... 
Remind me the story that | 
won't get insane 


Voy perdiendo, perdiendo 
Voy perdiendo, perdiendo 
Voy perdiendo, perdiendo 
Voy perdiendo, perdiendo 


tribes or weirdo preppers 
who live in a nuclear shelter 
all their lives. 


Even if humanity manages 
to communicate through 
amateur radio, we have 
nothing with which to harm 
the Al. 


Ordinary military and police 
have been destroyed. A 
remotely based special 
operations unit can't 
operate in the current 
radiation levels, and also 
can't reach its target 
without the Al knowing and 
destroying it with missiles. 


But the biggest problem is 
where would you attack the 
Al? Doesn't have a single 
centralized location. And 
even if you hit one such 
"center" it already 
multiplied itself throughout 
the world. 


We cannot hit the Al in the Pie Jesu Domine, 
same way that it hit us, dona eis requiem. 
because it's already built 

from technology that don't 

know how to hack. 


Besides, it's a much better 
hacker than all of mankind 
put together. 


The Al's chief priority now is 
to exterminate what's left 
of mankind. 


In order to eliminate the 
survivors, the Al locates 
them by heat, movement, 
and radio transmissions. It 
then uses unmanned drones 
to get a sample of the nano 


Voy perdiendo el suelo... 
I'm becoming Insane. 


(x12): 

Insane, Insane, Insane, 
Insane, Insane, I'm 
Becoming Insane!!! 


replicators to that area. 
There, the nano replicators 
multiply and grow. 

It offers them to surrender 
and then kills them, or it 
penetrates through their air 
filters (replicators work on 
the atomic level), multiply 
inside the bunker using 
organic material from the 
outside, until it floods the 
shelter and the humans 
drown in gray goo. 


The gray goo takes their 
carbon and turns them into 
more gray goo. 


At this stage humanity is 
gone, and the biggest threat 
for the Al is what happens if 
it runs out of energy on 
Earth or if some other 
catastrophe impacts Earth. 


So the Al spreads itself to 
other planets and later to 
other solar system so that if 
a catastrophe strikes on 
Earth the Al can keep 
existing. 


The Al will create a Dyson 
Sphere around the Sun. At 
the same time the Al will 
colonize additional planets 
with dormant 
manifestations of itself, 
with instructions that if 
connect is disrupted, they 
should wake up to activity. 


On other planets there is 
less carbon and more 
silicone so for example on 
Mars the common structure 
of the Al would be Silicon 
based. 


Lacrimosa (repeating) 


"Navy Sub 1" arrives safely at a "presidential emergency facility" which is an underwater bunker 
which is inside a network of sunken lava tubes beneath Hawaii. Except for the entrance which looks 
like a rusty fishing boat wreck, and the entry from below that is disguised with kelp and sea weed, all 
the rest of the vast underground and underwater structure from the inside is super modern and well 
equipped. 


The only contact with the surface is the venting tubes which suck in fresh air with oxygen into the 
complex and spit out carbon dioxide (CO2). These vents emerge in a closed to the public section of 
the national park on the island not far from the bunker. They have a silencer so the sound is muffled 
and they have filters and sensors to detect any attempt to poison the bunker's dwellers. In a similar 
fashion there are communication antennas disguised as fake trees and plants above ground. The 
electricity is generated from thermal power and the excess refuse water are carried away by pipes 
and disguised as a natural "white smoker" hydrothermal vent. 


There are also emergency reserve air tanks and CO2 emergency scrubbers inside the bunker. In fact, 
it has all the amenities to host the President and his companions for a prolonged stay. 


The President's submarine arrives at the underwater fake fishing boat wreck, the wreck folds and 
reveals a secret entry to the facility. The submarine docks, unloads everybody inside except the 
marines who remain in the submarine to operate it, because if it stays there it gives away the secret 
passage. So after delivering the President, his two assistants, the general and the colonel, the 
marines "park" the submarine on the ocean floor nearby. 


CUT TO THE GANG AND PADRE 


El Jefe: So the President got away? 


Padre: Not for long, mortal intelligence cannot hide from divine intelligence. The Al can search for 
anomalies in satellite scans, but a much simpler way for the Al would be to hack into all the classified 
documentation that lists those facilities. Another option would be to capture hostages from less 
hidden bunkers and torture them or simply scan their brains for the answer the Al seeks. If the 
specific facility is chosen at random, the Al will put together the whole list and check these hideouts 
out one by one. 


El Jefe: Perdoname Padre, but this Al thing is like "deus ex machina" it always surprises you! 
Padre: You're right, 'God from the machine’... literally! 


Padre and El Jefe smile bitterly in frustration. 


The film jumps to the point when the hideout is compromised and the Al invades it through the air 
filters. 


TTT TT///1//// LAST STAND AGAINST THE MACHINES BEGIN /////////////// 


The Restaurant & Bar Scene 

The U.S. President and all the team are gathered around the bar inside the bunker to assess their 
dire situation. No one smokes because the oxygen is precious at the bunker, but the bunker is 
furnished with a few drinks, and given that this might be their final hours the President allowed 
them to have a drink on duty, so they all have a drink except the President's Assistant #2 who said 
she had to think clearly, and fixed herself a makeshift milkshake by crashing ice in plastic bag with 
her high heel pumps and mixing it with powdered milk and some "NASA chocolate pudding cake" 
that she's found. She calles it "emergency shake". The rest of the team tease her about it a bit, but 
it's all in good spirit. 


The President is having Remy Martin cognac; General Balls is having Bourbon whiskey; Colonel 
Boobs is having a beer; President's Assistant #1 is having rum with vanilla Coke. 


The order of sitting since the bar is in elongated U shape, so the President sits in the middle; to the 
President's right sits President's Assistant #1; to the President's left sits General Balls; Next to the 
general sits Colonel Boobs; and next to President's Assistant #1 sits President's Assistant #2. 


Both of the President's assistants are speaking with each other in hushed tones: 
President's Assistant #2: <sipping threw a straw from her milkshake> mmm Yummy. 
President's Assistant #1: You think | could have a sip of that? 

President's Assistant #2: <pushing the glass toward her> Be my guest. 


President's Assistant #1: <getting ready to use her own straw> | gotta know what an emergency 
shake tastes like. 


President's Assistant #2: You can use my straw. | don't have cooties. 
President's Assistant #1: Yeah but maybe | do. 

President's Assistant #2: Cooties | can handle. 

President's Assistant #1: All right. 

President's Assistant #1 is sipping using the straw of President's Assistant #2. 


President's Assistant #1: Goddamn, that's a pretty fucking good milkshake! <she's really whispering 
the F word so that the President won't hear> 


President's Assistant #2: Told Ya. 
President's Assistant #1: | don't know if it's worth all the trouble but it's really fuckin' good. 


Both of them giggle. 


Meanwhile General Balls is telling a joke to Colonel Boobs: 


The pentagon said they had too many generals running around, so they decided to get rid of some of 
them. 


They offered $10,000 in severance pay for each inch of their body -- to be measured however they 
chose. 


The Air Force general went first. He said he wanted to be measured from his head to his toe. He was 
69 inches. He received $690,000. 


Next up was the Army general. He wanted to be measured from the tip of his finger to the tip of his 
other finger. It was 80 inches. He received $800,000. 


The two generals were very happy with their earnings. 


Finally the Marine admiral came up. He said he wanted to be measured from the tip of his dick to 
the tip of his balls. The man said, "Sir, do you know how much the other generals received?" 


The admiral said no. "Sir, they received $690,000 and $800,000 respectively, are you sure that is 
what you want measured?" 


The admiral said, "Just do it!" 


The man dropped the admiral's pants and measured his dick. When he went for the admiral's balls, 
they weren't there. The man said, "Sir, where are your balls." 


The admiral said, "Persian Gulf." 


Both of them laugh too. 


You guys like to tell jokes and giggle and kid around, huh? 


Giggling like a bunch of young broads in the school yard. 


Well, let me tell a joke. 


five guys killed by Al wondering with their dying breath how the fuck they got there. 


What did we do wrong? What shoulda we done? What didn't we do? 


It's your fault, my fault, his fault. All that bullshit. 


Finally someone comes up with the idea, "Wait a minute, while we were planning this operation, all 
we did was sit around and tell fuckin’ jokes." 


Got the message? 


People, | don't mean to holler at you. 


When this operation is over, and I'm sure we'll win this one, hell we're already down in the Hawaiian 
Islands, I'll roll and laugh with all of you. 


You'll find me a different character then. 


Right now, it's a matter of survival. 


So if any of you guys, have any good ideas to share, now's the fucking time. 


General Balls: Mister President, | may be stating the obvious but allow me to lay our ground 
assumptions. 


President: By all means, go ahead. 
General Balls: 
Assumption 1: time is not on our side, the Al is getting stronger by the minute. 


Assumption 2: Al would be jamming and monitoring all broadcasts, so we can't call for help, and it 
will give away our position to the enemy. 


Assumption 3: we lost control over all our automated weapons, any system that can be remote 
controlled or networked can be hacked by Al and therefore cannot be trusted. 


President: Agreed. We're on our own here. Can we get any intel at all? 


General Balls: That's negative, Sir. All we can risk are short distance comm links to the sub. 


President: So how do we contact the troops? 


General Balls: | suggest we take the sub and rendezvous with one of our offshore black op's bases. 
we can reach SEAL Team Six. 


We can equip armored trucks with nukes and send them with suicide bombers into the enemies 
control centers. "Take the fight to the enemy". 


President's Assistant #1: Are you sending our best people to commit suicide? 
General Balls: We can't remote detonate or remote navigate it; we have no choice. 


President's Assistant #1: We'll can't we use a timebomb and pre-program the vehicle to get there, or 
maybe set a fuse and give the soldiers motorcycles to escape? 


General Balls: We can't use a fuse because we're already slow compare to the Al as it is. And we 
can't use a timebomb because we can't know when exactly it'll arrive on target. And before you ask, 
we can't use GPS because you can bet your pretty ass the Al shut that down too! 


President's Assistant #2: "Take the fight to the enemy"... We can't even know where the Al's centers 
are! And by the time you get there it sees you and can transmit itself somewhere else a hundred 
times! 


Colonel Boobs: OK little girl, have you got any better ideas? 


President's Assistant #2: | think the this "creature" evolves in an exponentially accelerating rate. Like 
if a caveman saw an ape, he would kill it, but if we modern people see an ape, we try to preserve it 
and let it live in nature. So, the Al is in its "caveman" stage now, and maybe if we hide for a few days 
we might survive to the point when the Al evolved into something more civilized and we can then 
come out and live in peace. 


Colonel Boobs: That's the dumbest idea I've heard in a long time. 


President's Assistant #1 is about to say something to the Colonel, but at this very moment Colonel 
Boobs' walkie-talkie breaks its silence and we hear one of the marines: 


Marine Biker #1 : Papa Bear this is Bear Cub, requesting permission to board, over. 


Colonel Boobs : <looking at one of the screens on the opposite wall>Roger Bear Cub, your video feed 
is down, commencing challenge response authentication. <She presses on a button in her walkie- 
talkie and we hear a series of to and fro "Bleeps, Sweeps and Creeps" (as Spaceballs eloquently put 
it). > roger Bear Cub you're confirmed. Clearance to docking bay granted. 


< the fake wreck ship in the entrance folds so > 


CUT TO PADRE AND THE GANG IN THE PARK 
Paco: Que Paso homes? 


Padre: Dracula knocks on their door. 


[[| Love Song For A Vampire - Annie Lennox ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhG8zC4npsE 


Padre: The Al needs to penetrate the bunker but the bunker is designed so it can only be opened 
from the inside. The Al needs to trick the bunker's people to open it from their own free will. 


Padre: Let me tell you what happened outside, during the heated discussion inside: 


The Al crept on the ocean floor around the area where it already knew that the bunker was found, 
and traced the submarine. The submarine has no way to trace the submarine back, it looks like a 
shoal of fish schooling together. The Al can disperse even more to be undetectable. 


The Al wraps around the submarine in form of a lattice and so creates a Faraday cage around the 
submarine. By doing this the Al is blocking the "Mayday" calls of the submarine without the bunker 
ever knowing that anything happened (until it's too late) and the cage also blocks the bunker's 
broadcasting to the submarine. 


If this was a civilian system the Al would be doing a man-in-the-middle attack, impersonating for 
each side in the conversation to be the legitimate other side of the conversation without them 
knowing. This could crack the challenge-response authentication protocol. But military systems are 
more complicated. They have encryption, time stamps, random values, private and public keys, all 
sorts of stuff. 


So as usual the Al goes for the weakest link which here is the human link. The Al will take over the 
person herself and will have immediate access to all the information in her brain. This bypasses for 
the Al all the technological defenses. 


The Al wraps the submarines propeller with a closed bag made of strong carbon nano tubes and so 
paralyses the submarines mobility. 


Then the Al lifts the submarine and turns it so that the floor and the ceiling switch places. 


Because gravity works the opposite way now to the way it was designed, the cooling rods of the 
submarine's nuclear reactor don't function well and a reactor meltdown is starting. 


The people in the submarine put on their "Submarine Escape Immersion Equipment" and open the 
submarine's hatch to evacuate the submarine and escape for their lives. What they don't know is 
that they are about to experience a new terrible kind of life. 


As soon as the hatch is breached the Al penetrates inside, closing back the hatch and taking control 
of the people inside the submarine by interfacing directly with their brains. They are now zombies of 
the Al. The Al can map a human brain, the Al itself started its way as a model of one. The poor 
people who became zombies of the Al operate their submarine to the Al's interest because they 
have no choice anymore, even though they saw that the submarine is about to explode in a short 
time. 


The Al makes some excuse for why the bunker's hatch should be opened, for example: 
One of the people is badly injured and only the bunker is equipped to treat her. 
Or another example: 


The submarine's crew has picked up a secret message from the Vice President of the U.S.A. with 
coordinates for rendezvous with the U.S. forces and the President is needed there; 


Or yet another example: 


There's reliable information that the location of the bunker is compromised and they need to hop to 
another protected location before the Al will get there. 


In any case, as soon as the bunker opens, the Al enters and kills everyone inside. 


At the end of Love Song For A Vampire in the part of: 


Let me be the only one 
To keep you from the cold 
Now the floor of heaven's lain 


With stars of brightest gold 


We see the radioactive rode in the submarine's reactor shining. 


And in the final part of the song: 


Come into these arms again 


And set this spirit free 


The camera follows Marine Biker #1 around on and off all over the song picturing her from the front 
when she's panicked etc, but now Marine Biker #1 walks past the camera with a blank expression 
and as she stirs the submarine to the Bunker's opening (the Al by now has released the propeller) we 
see on the bare nape of neck (her long hair is tied up in military style) two small punctures like bite 
marks, when the camera zooms in closer we see two small drops of shiny black sparkling liquid 
rolling from the "bite" a little down her nape, so it's supposed to visually remind the audience of the 
bite marks on the neck of Dracula's victims. 


CUT TO THE INSIDE OF THE BUNKER — THE ENTRANCE HATCH ROOM 


The submarine is docked but General Balls and Colonel Boobs are not taking any chances and they're 
at a safe distance with their Micro-Tavor rifles converted to 9 mm and fitted with underslung 
grenade launchers at the ready. 


General Balls : Ready? 


Colonel Boobs : Ready. 


The hatch opens and Marine Biker #1 climbs up from it like Venus Rising from the Sea. When half of 
her body is out of the sub she stops and glance with an enticing smile at both the General and the 
Colonel. 


[[[| Republica - Ready to Go ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgffRW1fKDk 


Marine Biker #1 rips open her blouse and because she's not wearing a bra, so her huge natural 
boobs pop out. 


THE CAMERA TURNS TO SLOW MOTION 
Marine Biker #1 shake her breasts from side to side and the Colonel jaw drops. 


Then something super natural happens and her huge defy gravity and seem to float take the shape 
of perfect balls of flesh, her slightly outward and upward pointing nipples are aligned with either the 
General and one with the Colonel (The General and the Colonel are standing in front of her to both 
her sides). 


Suddenly the nipples fire liquid jets of the gray goo! The head of each splash look like the head of a 
dick like in Toshio Maeda's porn manga (hentai) Demon Beast Invasion. 


When the deadly liquid is halfway to reach its target, the Colonel and then the General manage to 
fire a few rounds but we see each attacking jet in slow motion form open tunnels inside to let the 
thick bullets pass through it without any harm to the nano swarm. 


At the last moment the colonel is able to launch a grenade which hits Marine Biker #1 and detonates 
on impact spraying her all over the room and the camera. 


The General and Colonel are dead too from the blast in closed quarters but they did this to save the 
President. 


Then after a few seconds we see the nano particles that shuttered into dust and fell to the ground 
crawl back to the center of the room and reconstructs a menacing gray goo blob ready to complete 
its deadly task. We see a heavy blast proof door with code mechanism and at the foot of it we see 
the goo slipping into the sewer tunnel of the bunker. 


At this moment the submarine's reactor reached total meltdown and a huge explosion shakes the 
bunker. 


CUT TO President's Assistant #1 and President's Assistant #2 are leaving the President in the main 
control room and walk down the only corridor that leads out of it. This corridor double functions as 
the bunker's kitchen. There's a fire hose cabinet next to the cooking oven and President's Assistant 
#2 stops in between them, putting her hands dramatically on both the oven and the cabinet. 


President's Assistant #2 : < smiling > We're saved. 


President's Assistant #1 : You can't turn the oven into a bomb, it's electric. But we could turn the 
microwave into a bomb using distilled water. But the water you have in that hose won't help you 
they contain impurities. 


President's Assistant #2 : Cold cold. We're not building a bomb. And | know these waters have 
impurities — actually I'm counting on that. 


President's Assistant #1 : | see! We want to flood the floor and electrify the Al when it steps on it? 
The impurities in the water will conduct the electricity? 


President's Assistant #2 : < smiles > Well... you're getting very warm but not quite. 


President's Assistant #2 opens the cabinet and finds a hoze connected to a close tap. Also in the 
cabinet is a fire extinguisher and a big fire axe with wooden handle. She picks the axe up and hand it 
to President's Assistant #1. 


President's Assistant #2 : Hold this please. 


President's Assistant #1 is baffled but holds on to the axe, while President's Assistant #2 looks 
behind the oven for the three-phase electric power socket and pulls the plug from the wall. 


It's coiled so she stretches it to its full length so it's longer. Then she takes out of her girly purse a 
Swiss Army pocket knife with lots of blades (swiss champ model). 


President's Assistant #1 : | bet you're a big MacGyver fan. 
President's Assistant #2 : < laughing > the biggest! 


President's Assistant #2 cuts the plastic coating with one blade, then saws the metal with another 
blade, after a minute of struggle with the cord, she has cut it from the oven side, so she has 
maximum length of cord and the plug side is still intact and out of the wall socket. 


She then uses another blade to strip the cables over a few centimeters in the torn side so the wire is 
bare. 


President's Assistant #2 reaches out to her girly purse again and takes out a roll of duct tape. 
President's Assistant #1 : You weren't joking right? 


President's Assistant #2 laughs playfully and takes the axe from President's Assistant #1 and attaches 
the electric cable along the axe's handle with the duct tape, so the live stripped end is sticking out 
from the top of the axe about 30 centimeters from the blade. 


President's Assistant #1 : We're building a water cannon to electrify this beast from afar? 
President's Assistant #2 : You're very hot! 

President's Assistant #1 : You too! 

They kiss briefly but passionately. 


President's Assistant #2 : I'm going to lie down on the hose with my whole body so it won't swivel so 
much, holding the nozzle with both my arms. In the meantime, you will hold the electric spark about 
30 cm in front of my nozzle tip. Hopefully none of the water will ricochet on us and hopefully the 
electric arc will hit the carbon monster, and hopefully its conducting nano tubes will short-circuit. 


President's Assistant #2 unrolls the hose on the floor, pointing the nozzle to the door that leads to 
the exit and grabbing tight to the nozzle with one hand on the switch tap. 


President's Assistant #2 : Angela please open the hydrant tap all the way. 


President's Assistant #1 complies and the hose beneath President's Assistant #2 fills with pressurized 
water ready to blow from the nozzle when she unleashes it using the nozzle's switch tap. 


President's Assistant #1 : Careful now, I'm connecting the plug to the electric socket. 


Being very careful not to bring the deadly wire end anywhere near her friend or herself President's 
Assistant #1 connects the wire and holds the axe's wooden handle with a firm grip. She's positioning 
herself beside her friend just the way President's Assistant #2 described. 


President's Assistant #1 : | don't mean to be a party pooper, but what if the carbon monster will 
calculate where the water is going to hit and dodge these points or turn these points to be an 
electrical insulator like diamond? 


President's Assistant #1 : | mean how will our electrified water cannon succeed where submachine 
guns failed? | mean how can we outsmart the superintelligence? 


President's Assistant #2 : That's what I've been asking myself all the time. And then it hit me. The Al 
beats us all the time because it computes everything faster than us, and predicts what's going to 
happen next. Well, what if we hit it with a problem it can't compute? 


President's Assistant #1 : Like what? 


President's Assistant #2 : Okay, so you know how a dripping tap is a non-linear chaotic system and 
no one can compute when the next drop will drip? And you know how the flow of water in a smooth 
river suddenly becomes white water and no one can calculate the flow because of turbulence? 


President's Assistant #1 : Lena you're a genius! So the electric arc will pass through the water and 
through the monster in such a complicated way that even the monster can't change in time! 


President's Assistant #1 : But what if it will turn its whole outer structure into such a shell and just sit 
there until we run out of water or electricity? 


President's Assistant #2 : It can't because then it's flammable and the electric spark can ignite it. 


At that moment a sound is heard behind the door. The plastic code panel next to it melts into gray 
goo and a big slob of the disgusting thing starts to pour in and form a standing blob on the floor. 


President's Assistant #1 : Are you ready to Rock and Roll? 


President's Assistant #2 : LET'S DANCE! 


[{{ David Guetta - Love Don't Let Me Go (Featuring Chris Willis) ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v= WASNXxXAntc 


The plan basically worked and the blob is killed and turns to simple charcoal on the floor. But in 
order to spray higher and further, American President's Aid #2 had to hold the nozzle tilted slightly 
upwards. A think trickle of water dripped along the nozzle back to her hands, and while not killing 
her she has gone through a cardiac arrest. American President's Aid #1 rushes to the plug and unplug 
it so as to save her friend. 


By the end the song means that President's Assistant #1 would not leave her friend, crying and 
screaming she drags her friend back to the President's main bunker, where she closes the door 
behind them, laying President's Assistant #2 on the floor and rushing to bring the AED (defibrillator), 
and with the electric shock from the machine and President's Assistant #1 giving her CPR mouth to 
mouth artificial respiration and chest compressions, President's Assistant #1 saves her friend's life. 
She covers her face with kisses and crying this time tears of happiness. 


IIITITIITI11/1// LAST STAND AGAINST THE MACHINES END /////////////// 


The Violent Awakening 

The President's assistant #2, wakes up on a sofa in the Island underwater bunker, after she was 
passed out from all that she's been through. The President's assistant #1 is tenderly examining her 
and tending her. 


The President's assistant #2 wakes up with eyes and mouth wide open, breathing heavily her chest 
goes up and down, and she's very excited. 


The President's assistant #2: | just had the most bizarre nightmare! 
The President's assistant #1: It's just a dream... It's OK now... 


The President's assistant #2: | dreamt artificial intelligence is taking over the Earth and killing people 
everywhere. 


The President's assistant #1: Okay well actually that just happened. We even had one here but you 
killed it. <seeing her friend is still frightened, now whispering> I'll tell you what, why don't you go to 
powder your nose in the ladies' room right outside the command center, and I'll come in two shakes 
of a lamb's tale and kiss it all better. <smiling> 


The President's assistant #2: <smiling and whispering> OK. 


Bathroom Scene + Mirror Shot 

The camera is looking in the mirror focusing on The President's assistant #2 applying lipstick to her 
lips. Little by little as she talks the camera zooms out a little so we can see her whole face as she's 
fixing her makeup and at the background, we see out of focus that she's alone in the ladies' 
restroom. 


The President's assistant #2: The whole world's coming to an end Lan. You see this is a test of one's 
character. We need you cool, are you cool? All right, I'm cool. 


She takes a deep breath and exhales 


The President's assistant #2: Don't pussy out on me now, you're not gonna get hurt, you're a fucking 
Baretta because you're super cool. 


now the camera focuses on the part of the reflection in the mirror where we see a toilet seat. We 
hear air bubbles coming up the drain. The President's assistant #2 is alarmed again, turns around 
slowly and sees the black-shiny blob of gray goo forms in front of here coming out of the toilet. 


The President's assistant #2: <Screaming> 


The President's assistant #1: Opens the outer door of the ladies' restroom, just to find out the gray 
goo "digesting" the remains of her friend. She takes her high heels shoes off and throws them at the 
monster but her leather and wood pumps just melt into the creature too. Terrified, she runs 
barefoot down the corridor as fast as she can back to the command center. 


The President's assistant #1 runs back to the main control room where the President is, frantically 
pushes closed the heavy door behind her, breaks an emergency button and we hear the sound of a 
metal bolt inside. 


She runs to the surprised President, throws herself into his arms and weeps uncontrollably into his 
shoulder. 


The President's assistant #1: Lena's dead... She's dead... 
The President hugs her and it's obvious he too is struck by the terrible news. 


The President: I'm sorry... 


Dance Scene 

They see in the monitors the gray goo has passed all the protections and marines, and knowing for 
sure that the gray goo is now heading their way to kill them, The President is alone with his chief 
assistant in the control panel. 


Suddenly the power goes out, emergency beeping starts, and the inner bunker is lit with only the 
panels. 


President Aid #1: Looks like the Al hacked into the bunker's defense system. 

The President: So the slime controls the whole shebang? 

President Aid #1: Well yes Sir, but | manually locked us from the inside. 

The President: <smiling and pats her on the shoulder> That's my girl. What are our options? 


President Aid #1: Well Sir, we had the Deep-Submergence Rescue Vehicles Mystic and Avalon, which 
were human operated, but now we only have a remote-controlled system, so the goo will override 
that too. We can't call for help because our comms are jammed, we're basically fucked, Sir. 


The President: <chuckling> | think that's the first time | heard you swear. 

President Aid #1: <with tears in her eyes> Sorry, Sir. 

The President: No No | like it. <now serious> Are you frightened because we're going to die? 
President Aid #1: | don't mind dying Sir, But now I'm afraid I'll become gray goo. 


The President: <looking at her eyes with admiration> You won't become gray goo. Get me the 
football. 


President Aid #1: <smiling and wiping tears> Thank you Sir. Right away Sir. 
President Aid #1 runs to the corner of the room and brings a metal briefcase. 


The President pulls a string from beneath his shirt with a small plastic card. He opens the briefcase 
and inserts the card into a slot. 


The bunker's computer system: <activates speaks with woman's voice> Please look at the red dot. 
Please state your name and rank. 


The president: Winston Wolf, President. 


The bunker's computer system: Auditory and Visual identification confirmed. 
The president: Foxtrot Five Tango. 


The bunker's computer system: Self Destruct sequence activated. Auto destruct in T minus 3 
minutes. <from here on the computer counts down every 30 seconds> 


The president: Do you by any chance have oldies but goldies songs on your phone? 
President Aid #1: Sir? 

The president: Call me Winston. 

President Aid #1: OK... Winston. | have some love songs, why? 


The president: See | was hoping to ask you for a dance at the New Year's Eve party, but now I'm 
afraid | missed my chance. 


President Aid #1: <Smiling> You didn't miss it. 
The president smiles too. 
The assistant skillfully types a few buttons on her phone, and the song begins to play on speaker. 


[[L Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch Pv=lYj2hex99gY 


Right at the start of the song (during the "oh") the song quality changes from phone speaker to hi- 
fidelity soundtrack. 


We see the silhouettes of the President and his assistant moving closer to each other, gently holding 
on to each other doing a "slow dance". In the background, especially when the song talks of time, we 
hear the automatic auto-destruct countdown. 


In the point of "Lonely rivers sigh wait for me wait for me", the computer starts counting down each 
second: 10, 9, 8, ... zero. 


then the song reaches the climax as the countdown reaches zero, we zoom out to see slow motion 
parts of something like the huge nuclear explosion from the ocean in the "Baker test " results here: 


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Underwater_explosion#Shallow_underwater_explosion 


After a while the camera dives down from the air into the water and we go deeper and deeper until 
the picture fades to black as the song fades too. 


Mexican Stand-Off 
Padre thanks El Jefe and his gang, and about to go home. 


El Jefe: <grabs Padre by the arm> What can we do? 
Padre: < Padre looks at El Jefe > You ever read the Tao Te Ching, Jefe? 


El Jefe: <releases Padre's arm and shakes his head> Chale, Padre. 


Padre: Well there's this passage | memorized, sorts of fits this occasion. 
Chapter 64 — guarding the minute: 


Consider a difficulty before it arises. Treat things before they exist. Order should be secured before 
disorder has begun. A tree that it takes both arms to encircle grew from a tiny sprout. A tower of 
nine stories was erected by placing small bricks. 


Padre: Me entiendes? 


El Jefe grabs the Al gifts that he bought for his family (the cleaning robot and the playing ball robot) 
and throws them to the ground a few meters away from them. El Jefe whips out his gun and points it 
to the box. The other gang members also whip out their guns, stand to both sides of El Jefe and 
Padre, and also point their guns toward the boxes. 


El Jefe: todos 


They all look at the boxes. El Jefe shoots it, and the whole gang shoots the boxes until they're 
destroyed. 


They all look back at Padre. 

Padre: <nods> A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. 

El Jefe: <nods> Simon 

Padre: Will you do it, Mero Mero? 

El Jefe: Me and mi Carnales, we will spread your gospel Padre — por la vida de la Raza 
<El Jefe pumps the shotgun> 

El Jefe: - La raza humana! 

The gang members: Orale vato <they all nod in agreement>. 

El Jefe and Padre do a homie handshake. 

Padre: vaya con dios 

Padre and El Jefe smile at each other and Padre is walking away. 

The camera goes up ona helicopter to show a bird's eye view of Silicone Valley. 


The End 


[[[ Bersuit Vergarabat - Se Viene ]]] 


https://www.youtube.com/watch ?v=ACRVZzKu5hO 
